# softwareSecurity
The client Artemis Financial needed their architecture and software reviewed and corrected as to keep customer's data safe and have a secure connection.  I think that I did well at manually reviewing the code and dependency-checks for security vulnerabilitities.  I did have trouble getting my certificate to work in Eclipse to make a secure communication with the local host, however.  Secure coding is important because hackers and other unwanted bugs can cause trouble for software if it isn't programmed correctly.  This could make the software do dangerous things such as leaking data and denial of service.  Also, if not coded securely a middle-man could intercept information about a person or application.  The most challenging and helpful process of vulnerability assessment was manually reviewing code.  This helped me understand poorly written codes with bad datastructures and code errors and showed me how to correct these errors, while also being precautious while writing code.  I approached the layers of security by first finding a cipher algorithm and then generating a certification.  Then, I wrote secure code and connected to the local host.  In the future, I would research my Maven dependencies before implementing them to make sure they are up-to-date and secure.  To make sure my code was secure after refactoring it, I checked the console for any warnings and also did another dependency-check to see if any new vulnerabilities showed up.  I think that my future employer would like the way that I checked all aspects of the software security, while also making a functional project.  This project has also made me mindful of how I program, what packages I use, and using dependcy-checks to make the most secure software I could.
